hi guys what's up sorry if I seem really
out of it
I just spoke up and I haven't had coffee
yet so I just want to share with you
guys I picked up a pair of sunglasses
yesterday and it's my very first pair of
sunglasses that are actually like
considerably nice I have a habit of
breaking and losing and running over
with my car
a lot of sunglasses so generally I have
always just bought like really cheap
sunglasses like anything that's under
like 20 bucks or whatever because I am
just the worst but I really really
wanted these and I fingers crossed I
promised myself that I'm going to take
really good care of them and I am NOT
going to smash them or break them or
step on them or sit on them or let my
cat eat them so yeah trying really hard
to look here not there oh my god I want
coffee so bad so this is what they look
like they are just the Ray Ban silver
mirror aviators I got the what did I get
the 58 millimeter centimeter and oh it's
definitely not done with our 58
millimeters um and that's like their
medium size so it looked like this on
ooh I kind of like them on camera I
don't like them so much in person I mean
I like them in person but I'm really
used to wearing like oversized
sunglasses you know living in New York
you try to avoid eye contact with
everyone as much as possible but um
these are a little bit smaller than what
I'm used to but I like them and
particularly good care of them I think
anyway yeah this video is gonna be
really short I just want to share it
because I actually I looked for like
three days for people who did reviews on
these sunglasses and like there is like
three companies on
YouTube that have reviews of these and
there's like two people but I don't
really like any of them so I kind of
want to show people like what they look
like on like I said this is the 58
millimeter so it's the medium size you
can go a size bigger than this which I
might do a thumb pill or you can get a
size smaller than this um yes my brandy
melville shirt that is athletic inspired
even though I'm not an athlete I wear it
to bed because I'm too ashamed wear it
Oh science um yeah so I am going to go
get coffee because my brain is turning
to mush and um yeah I'll see you guys
later